# [[DAO ENTITY NAME]] 

## LLC SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT

This Subscription Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and entered into by and between "), dated as of [[Effective Date]], is made by and between [[DAO ENTITY NAME]] LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware (together with the decentralized organization, [[DAO Name]], rooted on the [[Blockchain Name]] with chainId:[[ChainId]], at the public key [[DAO Public Key]] and collectively referred to as the "DAO"), KaliCo LLC d/b/a KaliDAO, a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Wyoming (the “Initial Service Provider”) and the person or entity set  forth on the signature page attached hereto (the "Purchaser"). Capitalized terms not used herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement of the DAO (as amended from time to time, the "Operating Agreement").

## AGREEMENT

Now, Therefore, in consideration of the foregoing recitals and the mutual promises, representations, warranties, and covenants hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

### 1.	Agreement to Sell and Purchase.

(a)	Subscription and Purchase. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Purchaser hereby subscribes for and agrees to purchase Units in the DAO for the aggregate subscription amount reflected via the Dapp.

(b)	Rights and Obligations of the Purchaser. The rights and obligations of the Purchaser, in the Purchaser’s capacity as a Member of the DAO, are set forth in the Operating Agreement.

### 2.	Closing, Delivery and Payment.

(a)	Closing. The closing of the sale and purchase of the Units pursuant to this Agreement shall take place upon the acceptance of this subscription by the Initial Service Provider on behalf of the DAO, which acceptance will be reflected via the Dapp (the "Closing Date").

(b)	Delivery.   Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Purchaser will deliver to the DAO the payment of the purchase price for the Units by payment of USDC, USDT or Ether via the Dapp.

### 3.	Representations and Warranties of the Purchaser.

The Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to the DAO and the Initial Service Provider as follows:

(a)	Requisite Power and Authority. The Purchaser has all requisite power, authority, and capacity to acquire and hold the Units and to execute, deliver, and comply with the terms of each of the instruments required to be executed and delivered by the Purchaser in connection with the Purchaser’s subscription for the Units, including this Agreement and the Operating Agreement, and such execution, delivery, and compliance does not conflict with, or constitute a default under, any instruments governing the Purchaser, or violate any law, regulation, or order, or any agreement or policy to which the Purchaser is a party or by which the Purchaser may be bound. If a corporation or other entity, the Purchaser: (i) is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation;
(ii)	the person executing and delivering each of such instruments on behalf of the Purchaser has all requisite power, authority, and capacity to execute and deliver such instruments, and, upon request by the DAO or the Initial Service Provider will furnish to the DAO  true and correct copies of any instruments governing the Purchaser, including all amendments to any such instruments; and (iii) has authorized, by all necessary corporate or other action, the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Operating Agreement, and the performance by the Purchaser of its obligations thereunder. This Agreement and the Operating Agreement constitute legal, valid, and binding obligations of the Purchaser, enforceable in accordance with their terms except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or similar laws affecting creditor’s rights generally and by general equitable principles.

(b)	Brokers. The Purchaser has not retained any investment banker or broker in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(c)	Investment Representations. The Purchaser understands and acknowledges the Units have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"). The Purchaser further understands and acknowledges that, to the extent that the Units are securities, the Units are being offered and sold pursuant to an exemption from registration contained in the Securities Act based, in part, upon the Purchaser’s representations contained in this Agreement. The Purchaser further understands that no public market now exists for any of the Units issued by the DAO and that the DAO has given no assurances that a public market will ever exist for the Units issued by the DAO. The Purchaser hereby represents and warrants as follows:

(i)	The Purchaser Bears Economic Risk. The Purchaser has substantial experience in evaluating and investing in companies similar to the DAO and/or in digital assets and cryptocurrency-related transactions or investments, as well as transactions similar to those contemplated with regards to the Portfolio Projects, such that the Purchaser is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the DAO and the Units and has the capacity to protect the Purchaser’s own interests. The Purchaser understands and acknowledges that the Purchaser must bear the economic risk of this investment indefinitely and that the Purchaser has the ability to do so. The Purchaser further understands and acknowledges that the DAO has no present intention of registering the Units and is under no obligation to register the Units. The Purchaser also understands and acknowledges that there is no assurance that any exemption from registration under the Securities Act will be available and that, even if available, such exemption may not allow the Purchaser to transfer all or any portion of the Units under the circumstances, in the amounts or at the times the Purchaser might propose.

(ii)	Acquisition for Own Account.   The Purchaser is acquiring the Units for the Purchaser’s own account for investment only, and not with a view towards the distribution or resale.

(iii)	The Purchaser Can Protect Its Interests.   The Purchaser represents that by reason of the Purchaser’s business or financial experience, the Purchaser has the capacity to protect the Purchaser’s own interests in connection with the transactions contemplated in this Agreement.


(iv)	Certain Risk Factors. The Purchaser understands that there are substantial risks involved in an investment in the DAO not associated with other investments. Such risks include, without limitation, that: (a) the Units are denominated in cryptocurrency, which is inherently volatile; (b) investments are made via blockchain and smart contracts; blockchain, smart contracts, and/or the Dapp may contain bugs, errors, or other technical issues that impede the operation of the DAO; (c) the purchase of Units or investments made via the DAO may result in taxable events; (d) Members reserve the right to take the position that Units are not securities for purposes of any or all securities laws; (e) the Members and Service Provider owe no fiduciary duties to one another and may, for example, engage in competitive activities or investments; (f) the investment program of the kind engaged in by the DAO is inherently speculative; (g) the results of the DAO’s investments will vary from period to period, and (h) investments made by the DAO will involve a high degree of financial and market risk that can result in a complete loss of the Purchaser’s investment in the DAO. The Purchaser is not relying on the DAO, other Members, or the Service Provider with respect to the tax consequences, if any, associated with an investment in the DAO.

(v)	No Direct Selling Efforts. The Purchaser confirms that neither the DAO, the Initial Service Provider, nor any of their affiliates (as defined in Regulation 501 under the Securities Act) nor any person acting on its or their behalf has engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts (as defined in Regulation S) in connection with the offering of the Units and the Purchaser has complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. The Purchaser further represents, warrants, and undertakes that neither it, its affiliates (as defined in Regulation 501 under the Securities Act), nor any persons acting on its or their behalf has engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts (as defined in Regulation S) with respect to the Securities, and it and they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S.

(vi)	Investment Company Act Exemption. The Purchaser understands that the DAO is not registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the " Investment Company Act"), will not register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, and, for purposes of the provisions of Section 3(c)(1) thereof, does not presently propose to make a public offering of its securities within the United States. The Purchaser understands that the DAO intends to rely upon the exemption afforded by Section 3(c)(1) of the Investment Company Act, which provides that Units may not be beneficially owned by more than one hundred (100) investors.   If the Purchaser is an entity, the Purchaser represents and warrants that: (A) it was not formed for the purpose of investing in the DAO; (B) it is not investing forty percent (40%) or more of its total assets in the DAO; (C) each of its beneficial owners participates in investments made by the Purchaser pro rata in accordance with its interest in the Purchaser and, accordingly, its beneficial owners cannot opt-in or opt-out of investments made by the Purchaser; (D) each of its beneficial owners did not and will not contribute additional capital (other than previously committed capital) for the purpose of purchasing the DAO Tokens; (E) if the Purchaser is subscribing to purchase DAO Tokens in excess of ten percent (10%) of the voting securities of the DAO, the Purchaser is not a registered investment company pursuant to the Investment Company Act and the Purchaser does not rely upon Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act as a basis for being excluded from the definition of an investment company; and (F) the Purchaser is not aware of any other circumstances that would require the DAO to treat it as more than "one person" for purposes of Section 3(c)(1) of the Investment Company Act.

Exceptions:

(vii)	Not ERISA Assets. The Purchaser is not a benefit plan investor as defined in the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.

(viii)	Residence. If the Purchaser is an individual, the Purchaser is a resident of the jurisdiction set forth in its address on the signature page hereto.   If the Purchaser is an entity, the office or offices of the Purchaser in which the Purchaser’s principal place of business is located at the address or addresses of the Purchaser set forth on the signature page attached hereto.

(d)	Tax Forms. The Purchaser shall deliver to the Initial Service Provider a completed and executed copy of the applicable Form W-9 or Form W-8, which are available at: irs.gov, when requested.
 
(e)	Transfer Restrictions. The Units have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act. The Purchaser acknowledges that the Purchaser shall not sell, assign, donate, encumber or otherwise dispose of any interest in the Units except in compliance with the provisions set forth in the Operating Agreement, the applicable securities laws and its permitted assigns (including its custodian). To the extent that the Units are deemed securities, the Units may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S or pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Each Purchaser represents, warrants and undertakes that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer and sell any Units (a) as part of a distribution at any time and (b) otherwise until one year after the Closing Date, except in accordance with Regulation S, and it has not and will not engage in any hedging transactions involving the Units unless in compliance with the Securities Act. The Purchaser also agrees that, at or prior to confirmation of sale of Units, it will have sent to any distributor, dealer, or person receiving a selling concession, fee, or other remuneration that purchases Units from it during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or notice to substantially  the following effect:

"THE SECURITIES COVERED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (I) AS PART OF THEIR DISTRIBUTION AT ANY TIME OR (II) OTHERWISE UNTIL ONE YEAR AFTER THE LATER OF THE COMMENCEMENT OF THE OFFERING AND THE CLOSING DATE, EXCEPT IN EITHER CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. NO HEDGING TRANSACTION CAN BE CONDUCTED WITH REGARD TO THE SECURITIES EXCEPT AS PERMITTED BY THE SECURITIES ACT. TERMS USED ABOVE HAVE THE MEANINGS GIVEN TO THEM BY REGULATION S."

Terms used in this Paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.

(f)	No Reliance. The Purchaser is entering into this Agreement relying solely on the facts and terms set forth in this Agreement and the Operating Agreement, all of which were received and reviewed by the Purchaser prior to executing this Agreement, and none of the DAO, the Service Provider, or any other person or entity has made any representation of any kind or nature to induce the Purchaser to enter into this Agreement or the Operating Agreement, except as specifically set forth in this Agreement or the Operating Agreement. The Purchaser has not relied on any representations other than those in this Agreement and the Operating Agreement. The Purchaser is not relying on the DAO or the Initial Service Provider with respect to the tax consequences, if any, associated with an investment in the DAO.

(g)	Binding Agreement; Acceptance. Execution of this Agreement is deemed execution by the Purchaser of the Operating Agreement and upon acceptance of this Agreement, the Purchaser will be bound by the Operating Agreement. The Purchaser hereby ratifies, adopts, accepts, and agrees to be bound by all of the terms and provisions of the Operating Agreement and to perform all obligations therein imposed upon a Member with respect to the Units. The Service Provider will, on behalf of the DAO, acknowledge the acceptance of the Purchaser’s subscription by way of trade confirmation (which may be provided via the Dapp) upon approval of such subscription by the Initial Service Provider. The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that delivery of such trade confirmation shall be treated as the DAO’s deemed execution of this Agreement. Should the Purchaser not receive a trade confirmation, it is the Purchaser’s responsibility to contact the Initial Service Provider to ascertain the status of its subscription as it cannot assume its successful subscription until it receives a trade confirmation.

### 4.	Miscellaneous.

(a)	Accuracy of Information. The Purchaser hereby represents that the information contained in this Agreement, including any Exhibits annexed hereto, and via the Dapp is true, accurate, and complete and may be relied upon by the DAO and the Initial Service Provider. The Purchaser also represents that it will notify the Service Provider in writing immediately of any change to the information provided in this Agreement (including, without limitation, any Exhibits hereto) or via the Dapp and/or if any of the representations or warranties contained in this Agreement or the Dapp becomes untrue, inaccurate, or incomplete.

(b)	Purchaser Information. The Initial Service Provider and/or its agents may request such further information as they consider necessary to verify the Purchaser’s identity, source of funds, and any other anti-money launder or know-your customer related information. In the event of delay or failure by the Purchaser to produce any such information requested, the DAO and/or the Initial Service Provider may refuse to process this Agreement and accept the Purchaser’s subscription to purchase Units until proper information has been provided. Additionally, the Initial Service Provider and/or its agents may request such further information as they consider necessary to process a withdrawal request and may refuse to remit withdrawal proceeds (that is "freeze" the withdrawal proceeds) until proper and satisfactory information has been provided. None of the DAO, the Initial Service Provider, or their respective agents or Affiliates shall have any liability if there are losses due to a delay in or refusal to admit the Purchaser as a Member and/or with respect to a withdrawal, as a result of inadequate information from the Purchaser.

(c)	Governing Law; Venue. Notwithstanding the place where this Agreement may be executed by any of the parties hereto, the parties expressly agree that all of the terms and provisions hereof shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the principles of choice or conflicts of laws thereof that would require that this Agreement be governed by the laws of another state. Each of the parties hereto consents and agrees to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of any state or federal court sitting in Delaware, and waives any objection based on venue or forum non conveniens with respect to any action instituted therein, and agrees that any dispute concerning the conduct of any party in connection with this Agreement shall be heard only in the courts described above.

(d)	Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of successors and assigns of the DAO and, subject to the restrictions on transfer described herein, be binding upon the Purchaser, the Purchaser’s successors and permitted assigns.

(e)	Entire Agreement; Amendment; Waiver. This Agreement together with the Operating Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and merges all prior agreements or understandings, whether written or oral. This Agreement may not be amended, modified or revoked, in whole or in part, or any provisions hereof waived, except by an agreement in writing signed by each of the parties hereto.

(f)	Severability. If one or more of the provisions of this Agreement are held to be unenforceable under applicable law, the parties agree to renegotiate such provision in good faith. In the event that the parties can reach a mutually agreeable and enforceable replacement for such provision, then
(1)	such provision shall be excluded from this Agreement, (2) the balance of the Agreement shall be interpreted as if such provision were so excluded and (3) the balance of the Agreement shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms.

(g)	Representation. Each Purchaser acknowledges that this Agreement has been prepared by counsel to the Initial Service Provider and (a) its individual interests may be different than the
interests of the Initial Service Provider; and (b) it would be in each such Purchaser’s best interest to retain its own counsel for the purpose of advising such Purchaser with respect to this Agreement’s effect on such Purchaser’s personal interests.

(h)	Expenses. Each party shall pay all costs and expenses it incurs with respect to the negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement.

(i)	Further Assurances. The parties agree to take all such further action(s) as may reasonably be necessary to carry out and consummate this Agreement as soon as practicable, and to take whatever steps may be necessary to obtain any governmental approval in connection with or otherwise qualify the issuance of the securities that are the subject of this Agreement.

(j)	Titles and Subtitles. The titles of the sections and subsections of the Agreement are for convenience of reference only and are not to be considered in construing this Agreement.

(k)	Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement may be executed and delivered by electronic transmission, including, without limitation, via the Dapp, and upon such delivery, the signature electronically delivered shall be deemed to have the same effect as if the original signature had been delivered to the other party.

(l)	Indemnification. The Purchaser hereby agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the DAO, the Initial Service Provider, and each of their respective Affiliates and associates, advisors, partners, members, managers, employees, and agents from and against any loss, liability, damage, cost, or expense (including legal fees and expenses in the defense or settlement of any demands, claims, or lawsuits) arising from (a) the Purchaser’s misrepresentation or breach of any representation, warranty, covenant, or agreement in this Agreement, and/or (b) the assertion of the Purchaser’s lack of proper authorization to enter into the Agreement or perform the obligations hereunder.

(m)	Rules of Construction. The parties hereto agree that they have been represented by counsel of their own choosing during the negotiation and execution of this Agreement and, therefore, waive the application of any law, regulation, holding or rule of construction providing that ambiguities in an agreement or any other document will be construed against the party drafting such agreement or document.

(n)	Conflict with the Operating Agreement. The extent, if any, that any term or condition of this Agreement shall be in conflict with, or deemed to be in conflict with any term or condition of the DAO’s Operating Agreement, the Operating Agreement shall control.

PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF UNITS ARE NOT TO CONSTRUE THE CONTENTS OF THIS AGREEMENT AS LEGAL OR TAX ADVICE. EACH PURCHASER MUST RELY UPON HIS OWN REPRESENTATIVES, INCLUDING HIS OWN LEGAL COUNSEL AND ACCOUNTANT, AS TO LEGAL, TAX, AND RELATED MATTERS CONCERNING THE DAO AND AN INVESTMENT THEREIN. NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND ARE INTENDED OR SHOULD BE INFERRED WITH RESPECT TO THE ECONOMIC RETURN OR THE TAX CONSEQUENCES FROM AN INVESTMENT IN THE DAO. NO ASSURANCE CAN BE GIVEN THAT EXISTING LAWS WILL NOT BE CHANGED OR INTERPRETED ADVERSELY TO THE DAO OR THE MEMBERS.
 
THE UNITS HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR OTHER REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAVE ANY OF THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON THE MERITS OF THIS OFFERING OR UPON THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS AGREEMENT. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE.

THIS DOCUMENT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OR SOLICITATION TO ANYONE IN ANY JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH OFFER OR SOLICITATION IS NOT AUTHORIZED.

THE UNITS ACQUIRED HEREIN HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR THE LAWS OF ANY COUNTRY OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. TO THE EXTENT THE UNITS ARE CLASSIFIED AS SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (A) ISSUANCE OF THE UNITS IS MADE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION AND (B) THE UNITS CANNOT BE SOLD, ASSIGNED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED UNLESS THEY ARE REGISTERED IN COMPLIANCE WITH FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM. TRANSFER OF THE UNITS IS RESTRICTED PURSUANT TO THE OPERATING AGREEMENT.

[signature page follows]
 
In Witness Whereof, the Purchaser has executed this Agreement as of the last date set forth in the spaces provided below.

PURCHASER:

I have read and understand the Agreement and Operating Agreement contained herein.


{{signature of Purchaser}}

Name: [[Purchaser Name]]
Address: [[Purchaser Address]]
Date of Signature: [[Effective Date]]



